Hamlet, How now a rat? Dead for a ducat dead!, 
Hamlet,wea,WalkingR
Hamlet,wea,Sword
Polonius, Oh i am slain., 
Gertrude, O me what hast thou done?, 
Hamlet, Nay i know not. Is it the king?, 
Gertrude, What a rash and bloody deed is this!, 
Hamlet, A bloody deed? Almost as bad as kill a king and marry with his brother., 
Gertrude, As kill a king?, 
Hamlet, Ay lady 'twas my word.,Polo
Hamlet, Thou wretched rash intruding fool farewell., 
Gertrude, What have i done that thou darest wag thy tongue in noise so rude against me?, 
Hamlet, Such an act that blurs the grace and blush of modesty..., 
Hamlet, ...Calls virtue hypocrite takes off the rose from the fair forehead of an innocent love..., 
Hamlet, ...And sets a blister there marriage vows as false dicers' oaths., 
Gertrude, Ay me what act that roars so loud and thunders in the index?, 
Hamlet, Look at this picture. One brother full of grace with eyes like Mars to threaten and command..., 
Hamlet, ...This was your husband. Look you now what follows. Now look at your actual husband., 
Hamlet, Ha have you eyes? You cannot call it love., 
Hamlet, What devil was't that this hath cozened you at hoodman-blind?, 
Gertrude, O Hamlet speak no more! No more sweet Hamlet., 
Ghost,wea,Appear
Hamlet, Save me and hover o'er me with your wings you heavenly guards., 
Gertrude, Alas he's mad!, 
Ghost, Do not forget., 
Hamlet, Do not look upon me lest with this piteous action you convert my stern effects., 
Gertrude, To whom do you speak this?, 
Hamlet, Do you see nothing there?, 
Gertrude, Nothing at all, 
Hamlet, Look you there. Look where he goes even now out at the portal!, 
Ghost,wea,Disappear
Gertrude, You are mad. You are imaging it., 
Hamlet, Oh throw away the worser part of it and live the purer with the other half., 
Hamlet, Good night - But go not to mine uncle's bed. Assume a virtue if you have it not., 
Hamlet, For this lord i do repent. But heaven hath pleased it so..., 
Hamlet, ...To punish me with this and this with me. I will bestow him and will answer well..., 
Hamlet, ...The death i gave him. So again good night., 
Gertrude, What shall i do?, 
Hamlet, Not this by no means that i bid you do., 
Gertrude, Be thou assured if words be made of breath and breath of life..., 
Gertrude, I have no life to breathe what thou hast said to me., 
Hamlet, I must to England you know that?, 
Gertrude, Alack I had forgot. 'Tis so concluded on.
Hamlet, My two schoolfeollows bear the mandate., 
Hamlet, They must sweep my way and marshal me to knavery., 
Hamlet, This man shall set me packing., 
Hamlet, Mother good night, Polonius
 , , 